Mr. Shen is me
Mr. Shuishui
Did you have a nightmare?
Yo
Don't come near me while I'm sleeping
Have you found it?
Not yet, just a little clue
You need to look twice more to find the exact location
This temporary unsheathed is too expensive to contact
Gotta find a way to make it up
Ah, I'm so scared, Mr. Shen
Let go of me
People have been afraid of thunder since childhood
Who sir
Let me sleep in your room tonight
Fu Qiang, don't push your luck
It takes so much of my strength
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes today
Something wants to stop me again
I won't let you go if you don't promise me
The reason why you have insomnia late at night
Mainly because the subconscious is too defensive
What day to wait
You have met someone you really like
Naturally, he will let down his guard
like
Suqiao
Miss Chen, don't worry.
I will definitely save your mother's life